Document BLE connection slot limits and options (#4739)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/esp32_ble_tracker.rst

    asked to start a scan (with start_scan action). Defaults to ``true``.

- **id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`): Manually specify the ID for this ESP32 BLE Hub.

> - **max_connections** (*Optional*, int): The maximum BLE connections slots to use.
>   Each configured slot consumes ~1KB of RAM. It is recommended not to exceed ``5``
>   connections slots to avoid memory issues. Defaults to ``3``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **max_connections** (*Optional*, int): The maximum number of BLE connection slots to use.
  Each configured slot consumes ~1KB of RAM. It is recommended not to exceed ``5``
  connection slots to avoid memory issues. Defaults to ``3``.
```

  This can only be adjusted when using the ``esp-idf`` framework up to a maximum of ``9``.

>   This value cannot exceed the total number of ``max_connections`` for the

Author: ```suggestion
  This value cannot exceed the total number of ``connection_slots`` for the
```
